Port REP-2000 to ROS 2 documentation (#6249)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/The-ROS2-Project/Platform-Support-Tiers.rst

Platform Support Tiers
======================

Platforms are defined as a combination of the OS, the architecture, and the RMW implementation.

> By default the tiers are expected to apply up to the desktop variant in a rosdistro, unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a platform / operating system provides multiple variants, (e.g. Ubuntu Desktop)  the ROS distro will be built for the desktop variant unless otherwise specified. 
```

ROS 2 variants are defined in `REP 2001 <https://www.ros.org/reps/rep-2001.html>`_.

> 

Reviewer: I think we need a little bit more guidance here. I am happy to write it, but 4pm on a Friday, particularly this Friday is probably not the best time. 😿
